
### The target model

The plateform has five important blocs plus one system bloc.

RECORDS (should find another name. Events, Trace system...)
The part that is user produced. It is a very basic journaling system on it's own. It is immutable (for both the platform and the user, that can only POST new traces and journals) and it is the source of truth of all the system.
- User
- Journal : A global context for traces.
- Journal import : logic of sync between platform journals and external journals.
- Trace : A text content the user writes in a journal, about anything, at a given time.

DERIVED_CONTEXT : 
Views produced on the user work Read Only to the user, generated by the platform. The analytic view, or landscape, that is created from the user's traces.
Only API method allowed is GET.
- TraceMirror : It is the global analysis for the trace it mirrors.
- Reference : The occurence of some landmarks in user traces.
- Element : It is a local analysis for a part of the trace.
- Landmark : It is a stable artefact during time. It has a collection of elements and trace mirrors reltated to it.
- Landscape : At a given time (corresponding to a trace), it is the view of the work state. The landscape is a collection of different landmarks. A landscape is a function of a parent landscape and of a trace that is an event in the world state. Not sure the landscape is really a persisted entity. Oh yes actually it is. Should not be implemented now, we use the LandscapeAnalysis



ANALYSIS_ORCHESTRATION : 
Created/updated by the user or the platform if autoplay mode, and this is the only way to create new views
- LandscapeAnalysis : Job of running an analysis. A successfull analysis creates a landscape. (holds the analysis job. Should also have some logs of the pipeline execution for improvement loops)
- Lens : It is a coherent track of analysis.

SOCIAL : 
What the user shows of it's work, and how other people interact with it.
The user keeps all control on what he chooses to show.
- Posts (any kind of posts)
- Interaction (view, like, saved...)
- Messages
- UserRelations

PLATFORM_INFRA
- Sessions
- LLM calls
